Interviewee's information: Argentinian, male, 26 years old.

[Interviewer] Well, I’m recording, but this isn’t to be presented anywhere, just to later check everything, for the transcription. Simply, as I mentioned, this is going to be about tourism. I didn’t want to give much more detail just to keep the interview as transparent as possible. To confirm properly, please tell me your age.

[Interviewee] Ok. 26 years old.

[Interviewer] 26 from Argentina. I don’t need any information. I’m not going to share any private or sensitive information. So, to start, I’d like you to picture yourself—I don’t know if you have a trip in mind or, if not, think about your last trip.

[Interviewee] I do have a trip in mind, yes, for February.

[Interviewer] Perfect. Where to?

[Interviewee] To Brazil.

[Interviewer] Great. What I’d like to know is whether you’ve taken it yet or not, but think—or explain to me—the process from when you chose the destination and why. And the whole process of how you started planning that trip, from how to get there, where to stay, all of that—describe the process of how you usually do it.

[Interviewee] Okay. Well, look, I haven’t done it yet, but basically, the decision to travel to Brazil has to do first with financial reasons, and second, with what kind of value we’d get from the trip for that amount. Financially reasonable, so to speak. The idea of the trip is to take a cruise to Brazil. It costs around \$1,400 per person, with my partner. And we chose that type of trip because we believe it’s a trip that includes several destinations in Brazil. We’ll have several stops, and at the same time, we have all the advantages of sailing on an all-inclusive, where we have all meals included, free drinks, shows every night. So everything in terms of entertainment, food, and drink is covered—and accommodation, of course—is covered with everything the cruise includes. And then all the tourism part in Brazil and the beach is also included in the trip through the 4 or 5 stops the cruise makes in different parts of Brazil. The cruise stops, I think, in Búzios, Ilha Grande, Rio de Janeiro... I think Ilha Bela or another place like that in Brazil. And lastly, it stops in Montevideo, Uruguay. So in this way, we’re visiting Brazil in different beaches and cities, where we’re given around ten hours or so to explore—10 to 12 hours. And then obviously we have all the benefits of the cruise: 24-hour entertainment, shows, theater, casinos—well, everything they offer.

[Interviewer] Yes. And where did you look? I mean, in this case, it’s a cruise, but where did you look for information?

[Interviewee] Well, I saw an ad on Instagram from MSC, which is the cruise line we’d be choosing. I clicked the link and saw that they had prices—or rather packages—that were quite affordable for what they offered, so we decided to go ahead with that. This is also connected to the fact that this year in particular, I’m about to move, and my girlfriend is also working on building her house. So, since this is a year where we have limited saving capacity, thinking about a trip to Europe or another destination that requires a more expensive flight—or one that also requires bringing more spending money and so on—becomes complicated. So we opted for the cruise.

[Interviewer] Well, just as you said, a cruise is something where everything’s included. Now, picture yourself on a different kind of trip—one you took here, to Europe, for example. How was the process in that case to choose the destination, and mainly, the process of how you planned the trip—where did you search, what did you look at?

[Interviewee] Sure. Look. The last time I went to Europe was two years ago. I traveled with my uncle. And the idea of the trip was... I have family in Spain. So the idea of the trip was to visit the parts of Spain where I have family, and also to attend San Fermín—the San Fermín festival. So, the idea was... Oh, and we also had planned to go to Amsterdam, to Paris, and a few major cities in Europe.

What we did was, first, to organize the trip in such a way that we had a practical triangle in terms of logistics—that is, in terms of travel. We mostly moved around by train. We used planes very little, and the first destination we chose was Madrid, because flying Buenos Aires–Madrid is much cheaper. That route is much cheaper. And from Madrid, you’re kind of in the middle of that area of Europe, so you can easily get to Paris, Amsterdam, or any major European city.

From Madrid, we stayed just one day in a hotel near the airport because the next day we were flying to Amsterdam, which was where the trip officially began. And at that time we decided to fly because the trains were a bit out of the way, so we flew to Amsterdam.

Then, in Amsterdam, we stayed about 2 or 3 days. And we chose to take a train to Paris, because in Amsterdam—and in the Netherlands in general—the flight services are pretty complicated. You know, there’s a lot of... well, it’s crowded, and it’s easy to get lost, there’s a lot of traffic and so on. I mean people-traffic. So it’s easy to miss your flight and so on. So we went with the simpler option and took a train to Paris.

And from Paris we went to Pamplona, because by then... France is very close to the Basque Country and northern Spain, so it was just a few hours by train. So we took a train to Pamplona. In Pamplona, because it was San Fermín, accommodations were very expensive. So we ended up staying at a hotel near the airport, which actually worked out well. But yeah. Honestly, it was great. We experienced the San Fermín festival and so on. We also went to San Sebastián. We toured around the Basque Country a bit. And then we spent the last days back in Madrid, where the options are very complete.

Basically, if you picture the map of Europe and look at the triangle we made, it’s kind of like a circle. We went from Madrid to Amsterdam, from Amsterdam up to Paris, from Paris across to the Basque Country, and then back to Madrid.

[Interviewer] Yes. And since you just mentioned San Fermín—are you on a computer? On your computer. Can you share your screen? If possible, of course.

[Interviewee] Yes. Yes, of course. Do you need me to search for something in particular?

[Interviewer] Yes, it’s like an experiment. I’ll ask you some questions and we’ll see how... a bit of your reaction and also what you would do in other situations.

[Interviewee] Alright, let me open Google. Not sure.

[Interviewer] Yes. Now that we were talking about San Fermín, I wanted to ask—try searching on Google... type “Quintana” with a Q. Quintana. Sport. Ascoli. A, S, C, O, L, I. Piceno. That, that. And go to images, or whatever you want to look at. Let’s see if it’s an event you would go see. Or what comes to mind when you see it.

[Interviewee] It’s kind of small here, let me try to enlarge it. One second. Not sure why the images aren’t opening bigger, but yeah—I get the sense it’s kind of a medieval event, right?

[Interviewer] Yes.

[Interviewee] And honestly, I don’t know if I’d go see it. It doesn’t really catch my attention. The thing with Pamplona was more connected to my roots, to my grandmother—she was from that area. But I think if I weren’t Italian or local, and I had to experience this kind of festival, no, I wouldn’t go see it. And yes, I did go see... like I said, I liked San Fermín because of the family tradition. But no, this doesn’t. It doesn’t really interest me. And the truth is I like San Fermín because of everything that doesn’t involve animal mistreatment. In this case, I see they’re using animals. I don’t really support that. San Fermín is much more than the running of the bulls. People think it’s just bull runs and all that, but it involves much more than that. So, yeah. I’m not a big fan of events that include animals.

[Interviewer] Perfect. Leave it there. Leave Google open. Now the idea is that we pretend you already have a trip planned, you know you’re coming to Italy, but you're deciding between two destinations. One is Ascoli Piceno. If you want, delete "Quintana, Sport" and type Ascoli. And I’ll let you research, explore. And the other option is Pistoia. If you want, open another window, another tab, and type Pistoia.

[Interviewee] Yes. Pisto... Got it?

[Interviewer] So... now tell me whatever comes to mind—positive or negative—about both. And in the end, more or less tell me why you would choose one over the other.

[Interviewee] I have to choose one over the other.

[Interviewer] Yes, you're deciding your next travel destination. And what would you look at—I’m not saying you have to—but if you want to go in and explore, tell me "I’d go here, I’d search for this or that." Everything.

[Interviewee] Can I leave images? I mean, can I search something else instead?

[Interviewer] Yes, whatever you want.

[Interviewee] Done! 	—things to do in Pistoia. Okay. And the other was this one, Ascoli. And... just at first glance and without knowing either destination, I think I lean more toward Ascoli. I don’t know, it seems to me that, tourist-wise, it has more things to see. And regarding images of the city and all that—I like it. I like how it looks. I like how the landscapes look. This bridge here seems very nice. I think there's a fort or something similar around here. And it seems like a kind of medieval city, but at the same time very well preserved, very picturesque. And I think I’d lean more toward this one. So yeah... especially also because when I search “what to do” and the first few attraction suggestions are really generic things you could find in any country—for example, a zoo, a cinema, or something like that—I get the feeling that there’s not too much to see beyond that. Maybe I’m wrong, but it gives that kind of feeling—like if the first five attractions are an amusement park, a zoo, or things like that, there’s not a lot more to see.

[Interviewer] Okay... and I ask that you go in and view the same cities, but looking at the map. Let’s see. Take a look. More or less. And tell me what you feel, or what comes to mind with both.

[Interviewee] So, Pistoia—I understand it’s a really small city. And it’s between Florence and Lucca. I mean, it’s kind of a stopover town, probably similar to Prato. And let’s see Ascoli. Just a sec. Let’s try like this. This already looks a bit bigger to me. Okay. And here you had Florence, so this is further north. This one is more central, closer to Rome. No—look—I like this one (Ascoli) more, even now that I see it, because it’s... you’ve got the sea nearby. I think it’s still kind of northern Italy, if you take Rome as the center point.

[Interviewer] It’s the center, but yeah. Yes, yes.

[Interviewee] Center, yes, but more center-north if you will. Well, the north would already be further up. I'm in the center. No, I think I’d lean more toward this one (Ascoli), yeah, I still stand by my choice. Especially because of the location, you know? It’s closer to Rome, which is a major city. Well, it’s at least closer than Pistoia, right? I think the connection would be much quicker to Ascoli than to Pistoia. And I think that’s good.

[Interviewer] Perfect. And now, in general—for example when you travel, say—picture yourself arriving, for instance, in Ascoli. My question is... the process, where do you look when deciding on accommodation? What options do you check out? And on the other hand, when it’s time to go eat—say it’s 7 or 8 in the evening, and you’ve got to eat—how do you decide where, what, and all that?

[Interviewee] Yes. Okay, well, it depends a lot on the destination, right? In the case of food, if we’re talking about an Italian destination, I’m obviously going to prioritize pasta or some traditional local food. Pizza, pasta—well, anything related to that. And maybe something specific to that place... I don’t know... maybe in Ascoli they serve some kind of tuna or fish that you only find there. And I’d like to try that. Then, just normal food, like in my country.

And regarding the accommodation location you mentioned, I generally look for something near the center. Especially when the city’s attractions or most important sites are close to the center. Also, in many cities it happens that the center doesn’t have anything and you have to go to the outskirts to find a main attraction—but if not, in the center. Especially because it’s usually near a subway stop, or a train or bus station. So you have easy access to anywhere.

Public transportation in Europe—at least in Spain—works very well. And I think in Europe in general too. So I usually get around by public transport. Or walking. So if the hotel is near the center, I’m sure I’ll have places to eat dinner and food variety nearby. I’ll probably also have a place to buy a souvenir for my family, a gift. And I’ll still have a flow of people—it’s an area that I think is safer. So yeah, it’s a bit about that—comfort and proximity to things.

[Interviewer] Perfect. Well, those were most of the questions. I don’t know if there’s anything else you’d like to add that you think is important but haven’t mentioned?

[Interviewee] No, regarding location, it has happened to me many times—like, for example, in Paris, where there isn’t really a spot that’s super close to everything. So you often end up prioritizing staying in the center because it’s more or less the same distance from everything, even if it’s far. So yeah. I also choose based on that—convenience. And I usually research the area a bit too—the type of area, whether it’s a more dangerous zone, or a quiet one, or with a lot of movement, traffic, noise. I look into that too.

It often happens that maybe my parents or someone I know has already been to the city I’m visiting for the first time, so I ask them for recommendations or advice on where they stayed. And the decision often comes from there too.

[Interviewer] Perfect. Perfect. Well, thank you. I’m stopping the recording now.