Interviewee's information: 27 years, Female, MSc student.

Interviewer: What are the main characteristics you consider from a place, when deciding your holidays?

Interviewee: I consider mainly the season of the place I’m going. Also I prefer to go to new places, rather than already known ones. Depending on my budget, I’ll look a place abroad or the country in which I’m living.

Interviewer: What makes a city unique/different from another, for you?

Interviewee: For me, the experience/tours that the city offers. Historical monuments that I can visit are also important. Taking into account this, also the transportation available to move around and get to different points of it. I also like the food experiences that I may have, so I’ll look for specific dishes of the city I’m going to.

Interviewer: Do you prefer being autonomous when looking for things to do/see or rely on agencies and organize activities by a third party?

Interviewee: Depends, if I’m doing a short trip, I would rely on an agency because I have very short time to go to places, so if it is already organized it would be better. If it is a long trip, I prefer to be into the culture of the place, going around, loosing myself in the city, so I prefer to be autonomous. Also, if my trip includes more than one city, I usually search some combo of more than one city tour or experience. For example, in Naples I saw some ship experience that takes you to different Islands, or I know that Firenze and Pisa have some convention that sells some pack that includes both cities.

Interviewer: Do you choose tourists packs (accommodation, meals, transport, activities included) or plan out everything yourself?

Interviewee: I plan where to sleep and nothing else. When I’m in the city, I start searching for packs that it can provide me. I look for packs and guides that offer me some city tour, get to know more from inside the city, recommendations from a local person.

Interviewer: When choosing a spot, do you research its popularity and then decide whether to go or not?

Interviewee: No, if it is a place I want to go, it doesn’t matter if other people go or not.

Interviewer: Give me three characteristics that your vacation spot must have.

Interviewee: History/Traditions, Food, Accessibility/Transport.